Fix ArgoCD hooks annotation location (#3989)
hashicorp/consul-k8s: .changelog/3989.txt

```release-note:bug

> helm: Fix ArgoCD hooks related annotation on init Job, they must be added at Job definition and not tempalte level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
helm: Fix ArgoCD hooks related annotations on server-acl-init Job, they must be added at Job definition and not template level.
```
